Hi! Welcome to my project demonstrating some skills I learned in react and some info I acquired about the game Baldur's Gate 3 from my girlfriend. The layout and intention of the project is choosing which of my girlfriend's favorite companions in her current gaming obsession is MY favorite! Using client-side routing I made a page for each companion listing a couple things about them that are important either to the character or in making my decision. In the game, Baldur's gate 3, you can take up to 3 companions with you on your journey and you may choose which of them to romance. As you progress your relationship with each one grows and some allow you to have multiple trists but some require monogamy like Karlach who is a more passionate individual evident based on her romantic quote. Karlach is from a race called the Tieflings and she was unfortunately traded to the devil, Arvenus, and cursed to stay inside the first ring of hell and fighting in a war between devils and demons. 10 years later, she escapes but is cursed to have her heart give out and force her to return to Arvenus. This inspires her to live life to the fullest and enjoy everything she can. Astarion is an elf turned vampire who wants to get revenge on the one who turned him and forced him to live as his servant for close to 200 years. He is rather snarky and vile but has a hidden sweet side. Shadowheart is a devout high Elf to her cruel Goddess, Shar, who requires brutal and often deadly dealings from her disciples. She can often be cruel but she has a humorous side that normally comes at the expense of embarassing the player. Take a look at the website to see which one I chose as my girlfriend's favorite companion!
